added 2 new problems to the common-problems section (#21)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/perseverance/maintenance/common-problems.mdx

You have copied the `chainflip-engine` config without changing any of the values! Please re-read the steps in [Engine Settings ](../validator-setup/engine-settings.md). You need to make that you use the URL from your Ethereum Client. [#pointing-to-the-ethereum-client](../validator-setup/engine-settings.md#pointing-to-the-ethereum-client).

## Node killed Out Of Memory

### Logs

If your node logs contain the following error:

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json copy
```

journalctl -f -u "chainflip-*"
```

### Backup and Bidding but not Qualified — Reasons

<br />
<img src="/perseverance/validator_backup.png" alt="validator backup" />
<br />

You did not successfully submit the `chainflip-cli` commands. Please run all the commands in [Funding and Bidding](../funding/funding-and-bidding.md#registering-and-setting-up-your-validator-node) section.

> The commands that were already runned successfully will fail with an error resembling the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commands that  already ran successfully will fail with an error resembling the following:
```

<br />

> <img src="/perseverance/validaotr_cli_commands_failing.png" alt="" />

Reviewer: can you add an alt text
